{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Akihiro\'92s Note for the Harming experiment \
Written: 3/16/2022\
\
[Target]\
Nature (Letter) -> Nature Ecology and Evolution (Brief Communication) -> PNAS (Brief Report) -> Science Bulletin (Brief Report)\
\
[Data]\
Step 1\
The original data are the 50 session files in the \'93original folder\'94, the original data format is .csv. \
\
Step 2\
Go to Conversion_infor folder. And go to Python JSON Convert Files folder, and go to README there. \
\
preProcess.py should work for the conversion of the csv file to JSON file. This .py should be the only one .py that Chris edited (originally written by Hirokazu Shirado - the second author of the Nature paper). \
\
Step 3\
Then, go to JSON_Convert_R.R This provide the code to use rjson to import the JSON files and to restructure all the data for data analysis. Up to line 115. There are the two target data node_1aX.Rdata (ndata) and link_1aX.Rdata (ldata). Ndata is for node data, while ldata for link data. This process is PRELIMINARY - we need to get all the variables in the data. Please ask if you are not sure the meaning of each variable\
\
Step 4\
GO to localGinietal.R . This reads ndata and ldata and provides more sophisticated data management and create mdata3 (good comprehensive data). Here is also PRELIMINARY. \
\
For example, cur_local_rate_coop (proportion of cooperation decisions of immediately connected neighbors at the same round) is there but we need now cur_local_rate_harm. \
}